1MBNews - April 2024

EASTER BUNNY event success!

Another 1MB event in the basket! Easter was a great success and provided the community with many treasures with a scavenger hunt for eggs that was lots of fun! In addition, there was a surprise secret in a giant Cake where players could gain an extra loot box! If you didn't figure it out..rip.. next year! After the event, players spent many hours/days sorting their loot and putting it away. Did you find all the eggs? 99 Eggs was a tough challenge but many 1MB players were able to find them all!

Beardedadventur, being the first to find all 33 eggs the first round, commented, "My favorite part was when the eggs gave so much loot - it ended up all over the floor! All the excitement and buzz around the big cake was the most memorable! Everyone was scratching their heads trying to solve its mysteries."

Many players and staff dressed for the occasion and everyone looked... adorable! Many builds were also added this year with the help of new and old Staff members, making the Easter world really cool to explore! It was amazing to see how many players joined in the fun and the excitement that was had during the event!

_DJ3d_ Commented, "The Easter world was a blast! My first 'special event' to be a part of and I was blown away at all the work and amazing builds that went into it. Best moment was the first time I joined during the event - didn't realize it had started, but saw like 30 people online when I logged in and thought, 'somethings up..' lol."

BekkietheBrit also commented, "It was amazing! The world design, the collection gui with all the eggs and hints and the rewards were all so good! I was able to find all the eggs and had great fun doing so. The best part and the most memorable part for me was seeing everyone online together having a great time exploring and hanging out. looking forward to the next one!"

Atarimaster commented, "My favorite part was having access to /egghunt fly! It made it so exciting (and dangerous)... The event area was beautifully decorated and the egg hunt was so much fun. Overall, it was a terrific event and all the loot was the icing on the cake. I can't wait for the next big server event!"

LOOT BOXES: Last month's special Loot box was revealed to be somewhere in The End realm. It was a flying race to see who would find it first and many came so close! Tho, Mayday gained the lead and went for the win! Bestowing a one-of-a-kind Bunny themed armor suit and goodies! Nice work May!

This month's loot box was announced and many went on the search in the Oneblock Spawn to search for the one-of-a-kind Poseidon themed armor suit & goodies! It was a very close win with a parkour fight to reach the special barrel! Mayday was successful again! 2 months in a row! Will it be a third?

Talking about loot boxes... some irl loot was sent out to a lucky 6 players! Posts have rolled in showing their awesome MC trading cards, a thank you letter and an awesome 3D printed 1MB keychain! So Cool! Congrats to the lucky 6!

Did you hear? We can all join more jobs! That's right! get ready to start earning more with the addition of 1 or 2 more job opportunities! Group based, of course, but what a great thing to work towards! Get your shulkers ready for some adventuring also! Job Quests are coming!

Finally, there have been some staff updates here on 1MB! yakirarge has joined the Admin ranks! Vubbo has also stepped up to a moderator! Congrats to you both! Exciting changes happening all around in our little community. New groups are coming as well, recognizing our regular-returning players! A fantastic way to show some appreciation for the amazing players on 1MB.

And that's how the Mine Crafts! This is Reporter Pixel, 1MB News.